Ciklum is looking for a Senior Azure DevOps Engineer  to join our team full-time in Poland.

We are a leading global product engineering and digital services company that unites 4000+ seasoned professionals globally on various projects in healthcare, fintech, travel, sportswear, entertainment, and security. Ciklum delivers high-impact technology solutions to Fortune 500 and fast-growing organisations worldwide.

About the role:

As a Senior Azure DevOps Engineer, become a part of a cross-functional development team working for the Client.

About the Project:

Infrastructure automation for SAP instances, mostly based around AWS, Azure and Ansible.

Responsibilities:


Be capable of easily grasping complex solutions
Building CI/CD flow from the scratch, supporting and evolving it
Take responsibility for the DevOps culture across different projects
Help the team build a stable system with faster builds, more reliable releases, shorter time to market and improved performance
Interact with Scrum Masters, Product Owners, colleagues and stakeholders in the business across different projects
Keep yourself up to date with the latest technologies
Introduce new possibilities with current and new technologies

Requirements:


Ansible:
System configuration (Ansible, Ansible Tower, Ansible playbooks/roles/modules)
Azure:
 PowerShell/Azure CLI scripting/Azure graph
 ARM Templates/Terraform
 Deep understanding Azure AD
 Azure networking – network configuration and security, load balancing, app gateways, etc
 PaaS components (app services, functions, MS SQL, MySQL, Cosmos DB, key vaults, etc.
 Strong knowledge of Azure VM infrastructure (VMs families, Pricing models, etc.)
 Understanding of caching services like Redis Cache and CDN
 Understanding container services
  CI/CD tools:
 Azure DevOps (Repos, Pipelines, Artifacts)
 Build Tools (MSBuild, MSDeploy, dotnet, npm, nuget, etc.)
 Code Quality Analysis tools (Checkmarx, Sonarqube etc.)
 Strong Git knowledge
  Methodology:
 Branching strategies (Gitflow/trunk-base development)
 CI/CD (gated builds, feature environments, zero-downtime deployments)
 Versioning (SemVer/Gitversion)
 
Desirable:


Experience with other CI/CD tools (Octopus Deploy/Jenkins/Gitlab CI/Teamcity)
Hands-on Experience with Linux environments and automation scripting
Hands-on Experience with containers orchestration tools (service fabric/ k8s / docker swarm)
Experience with Package Managers (Nexus Sonatype/JFrog Artifactory/Proget)

What's in it for you?


Care: your mental and physical health is our priority. We ensure comprehensive company-paid medical insurance, life insurance and Multisport card
Tailored education path: boost your skills and knowledge with our regular internal events (meetups, conferences, workshops), Udemy license, language courses and company-paid certifications
Growth environment: share your experience and level up your expertise with a community of skilled professionals, locally and globally
Flexibility: choose how you want to work – a 100% remote or on-sight in our office in Gdansk or Wroclaw.  Own your schedule – you are the one to decide when to start your working day. Just dont miss your regular team stand-up
Opportunities: we value our specialists and always find the best options for them. Our Internal Mobility Program helps change a project if needed to help you grow, excel professionally and fulfill your potential
Global impact: work on large-scale projects that redefine industries with international and fast-growing clients
Welcoming environment: feel empowered with a friendly team, open-door policy, informal atmosphere within the company and regular team-building events

About us:

Join a well-established company and a strong team of professionals. Seize the perks of global opportunities, local approach and start-up spirit.

Boost your skills with modern stacks and industry-leading clients!

Enjoy what you do, do what you enjoy!

Be bold, not bored!

Are you already interested? We would love to get to know you! Submit your application. We can’t wait to see you at Ciklum.